README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Refactor dashboard and add components

README.md, after:

# SeenAI Dashboard

A custom dashboard for uploading videos or audio to the SeenAI platform. Files are sent to the backend for analysis and the results – transcript, tone rating, emotional frames and more – are displayed in an easy to read format.

## Setup

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

The app is a standard [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project. Development server runs at `http://localhost:3000`.

## File Structure

- `src/lib/` – Supabase client and video service helpers
- `src/components/` – Reusable React components (upload form, sidebar, video cards)
- `src/app/` – Next.js route handlers and pages
- `public/` – Static assets

## Usage

1. Sign up or log in.
2. Upload a video using the form on the dashboard.
3. After processing, recent uploads and analysis results appear below the form.

The dashboard is prepared for future features such as sending results to GPT, exporting a PDF and saving to a personal library. These buttons are present but disabled by default.

## Notes

- The backend `/analyze` endpoint is expected to return `frames`, `transcript` and `tone_rating` fields which will be displayed once available.
- Supabase credentials are loaded from environment variables `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL` and `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`.
